docs(examples): add missing READMEs (#926)
algolia/autocomplete: examples/starter/README.md

> # Autocomplete starter using a local source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Autocomplete starter with static data
```

> This example helps you quickly boostrap a basic Autocomplete using a local data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example helps you quickly boostrap a basic Autocomplete using static data.
```

> <p align="center"><img src="capture.jpg" alt="A capture of the Autocomplete starter targeting a local source" /></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center"><img src="capture.jpg" alt="A capture of the Autocomplete starter using static data" /></p>
```
